Added SLNet Client Test tool advanced procedure to (re)initialize ResourceManager (#1721)
SkylineCommunications/dataminer-docs: user-guide/Reference/DataMiner_Tools/SLNetClientTest_tool/SLNetClientTest_tool_advanced_procedures/SLNetClientTest_reinitialize_resourcemanager.md

---
uid: SLNetClientTest_reinitialize_resourcemanager
---

# Reinitializing ResourceManager

From DataMiner 10.3.9/10.4.0 onwards, you can (re)initialize ResourceManager using the SLNet Client Test Tool.<!-- RN36811 -->
This can be useful if ResourceManager failed to initialize on DataMiner startup, and you want to retry initializing without restarting DataMiner.

> [!NOTE]

> > You require the *'Resources > Edit > Other'* permission flag in order to do this.

Reviewer: Just leaving a comment here so we don't forget the change this in case we change the necessary permission flag.

> > You require the *'Resources > Edit > Other'* permission flag in order to do this.

Author: ```suggestion
> You require the *'System configuration > Tools > Admin tools'* permission flag in order to do this.
```

To do this, follow the following steps:

1. [Connect to the DMA using the SLNetClientTest tool](xref:Connecting_to_a_DMA_with_the_SLNetClientTest_tool).

1. In the *Advanced* menu, go to *Apps* > *SRM Surveyor*.

> 1. On the bottom, a *Reinitialize ResourceManager* button is available, if your press it, the ResourceManager on the DataMiner agent you are connected to, will be (re)initialized.

Reviewer: ... if *you* press it,

> 1. On the bottom, a *Reinitialize ResourceManager* button is available, if your press it, the ResourceManager on the DataMiner agent you are connected to, will be (re)initialized.

Author: ```suggestion
1. On the bottom, a *Reinitialize ResourceManager* button is available, if you press it, the ResourceManager on the DataMiner agent you are connected to, will be (re)initialized.
```
